And Saturday night belongs to Snick.
Stay tuned.
Here's Benjamin Hall on the Jaguar system to play Cybermorph.
Let's see how those beastly graphics and intricate moves that only come from 64 bits of Mega Power feel.
Then...
Cybermorph only on Jaguar by Atari.
Get bit by Jaguar.
It's more can play at the same time.
Lynx has 16 bytes. I mean bits.
I like Game Boy.
Three out of four characters prefer Lynx.
By Lynx, now get NFL game free.
Get ready.
Get set.
God save my little broken body.
For the funniest family movie of the year.
I don't want to!
From Walt Disney Pictures and Jim Henson Productions comes the Muppet Christmas Carol.
It's a dickens of an adventure.
As only the Muppets can tell it.
I am here to tell the story.
And I am here for the food.
Walt Disney Pictures presents from Jim Henson Productions
The Muppet Christmas Carol rated G.
Prevent city.
Super Van City! Sure is!
Super Van City! Just follow the place
With real race and dragsters
Ready to lay!
The Micro Machine, Super Van City!
You put it together, fold it up, take it away
Zinco Collections sold separately
Power Tool Shop
Four power tools in one power machine
Four easy to use tools
Designed to drill
Sand, carve, and cut wood
But not cut you
With easy to follow plans
Easy to make projects
Real power tool shop
Real cool!
You put it together, batteries and safety glasses
Not included refills sold separately
Barbie paint and dazzle car
I made it look like this
You can paint balls on Match Barbie's top
To her car
Barbie paint and
Tapes of Ren and Stimpy
Rugrats, stuff whenever you want
New Nickelodeon videos
Pretty good, huh?
Both comforting and necessary to have idols
It seems that worshiping someone or something
Makes people feel better
Gives them something to strive for
And creates a huge market for autograph albums
The first recorded idol
Wasn't a movie star or a rock star
Wasn't even a person
It was a golden calf
In Biblical times, people rallied around this monstrosity
Until eventually, they figured out the golden calf
Was yesterday's equivalent of a ceramic dalmatian
In more modern times
There have been idols like Elvis Presley
Idol to millions
Even as there was more and more of them to idolize
How does one become an idol?
Well, many are called but few are chosen
You can do something to help mankind
You can have a hit record or TV series
Or you can be yourself
And maybe that's enough to make the new grown school
Think you're the greatest thing since sliced pizza
Albert Einstein once said
The most beautiful experience you can have
Is the mysterious
Of course, Einstein also thought theoretical physics
Was more fun than skateboarding
But how come he never addressed the real mysteries of life?
Like
Why is there always a long line-out at the ladies' room?
Why is red cabbage purple?
Why are certain human beings inexplicably drawn to others?
It's not like I was extra friendly or extra nice
Or extra anything
And yet the new girl in school, Eve
Seems to really look up to me
Like I was her idol or something
I'd better be careful
Thing like that can go to a girl's head
Hi, Sam!
Hold that thought, Sam. I just want to finish this sentence.
Okay.
It must be great having your opinion column
So what's it about?
The rainforest, the whooping crane, whales?
The automobile in today's youth
As essentials, braces, and probably cheaper.
Cool. And now for something totally amazing
My dad got called to Tampa
For a fly fishing seminar
Is that totally amazing for your dad or the fish?
For us. Two tickets to the Hell Blazer
Funny Car Tractor Trailer Show
This Friday night
Totally amazing. So you want to go watch them set up?
Sure. In a minute.
Eve's coming over. We can all go.
Cool. You two really hit it off.
Well, she hasn't made any other friends yet.
I was going to introduce her to some people at the school paper
But we can do that later.
Hey, Eve.
Hi, Sam. Hi, Eve.
Am I disturbing you?
I know I am. I'll go.
No, don't go. Change of plans, though.
We're going to go watch them fill the mud pit down at the convention center.
Want to come? Are you sure?
We'll be back another time. That is, if you want me to.
We can go to the newspaper later.
Oh, I'm glad you reminded me.
I knew you'd be busy.
So...
You did the research for my column?
Grunge work.
Why should you have to do it?
This is unbelievable.
Tori Spelling's braces cost more than a Honda Civic.
Please stick a pricer with options.
And here's the new Nirvana tape.
You can keep it.
Really? You shouldn't have.
What are friends for?
And you've done so much for me.
I have?
You were just so friendly the first day at school.
I nodded.
It was a warm nod.
Warm and special, just like you.
Thanks.
I remember it like it was yesterday.
I admired your French braid.
I'd never be able to figure out how to do that.
Oh, it's easy. I'll show you how sometime.
You've got great hair, Eve.
Well, it's okay for her that's dull,
less and mousy brown.
It's not mousy.
It's just not mahogany.
We're at Sienna.
You're too kind.
Look, I know we're not tight like you and Sam.
But thanks for letting me be,
even in some small way,
part of your life.
Hey, no problemo.
You're bilingual. I knew it.
What can't you do, Clarissa Darling?
Oh, one thing I can't do.
I can't get you stalled as attention.
I don't believe it.
Interesting article, dude.
Leonid Hingebottom.
He's going to be lecturing at the university next week.
Who's Leonid Hingebottom,
one of those geeky folk singers from the 60s?
No, he was one of your father's professors in grad school.
Oh, no. He was more than a teacher's sport.
He was my mentor.
Old Hingebottom, he inspired the best work I ever did.
Oh, he was a brilliant educator, a remarkable man.
And I have to give him credit
for making me who I am today.
Your father worshipped him, Clarissa.
Well, I guess you'd have to say that we had
a mutual admiration society.
I was his favorite student.
Teacher's pet?
Yeah. He's going to be speaking on the 25th.
I hope we can get tickets.
25th?
Oh, dear, Marshall, there's a conflict.
We have theater tickets at night for cats.
Hmm.
Droning lecture on Ionic and Dora columns
or Andrew Lloyd Webber. That's a tough one.
Well, we can always go to the theater.
I haven't seen Old Hingebottom in 15 years.
All right, thanks, hon.
Ferguson, you have had your nose buried in that
who's who all week. What are you looking for?
He's probably looking for his name.
Wrong book. Try what's that.
I did. They gave you a full page.
Anyway, this is a book on the most famous,
successful and celebrated people in the world.
Something you could never relate to your cheese breath.
I have a very important decision to make
and I'm stuck.
Try hitting yourself in the head with the book.
Try brushing your teeth with a fork.
Well, what exactly are you looking for, Ferguson?
Ms. Gutenplan is making us start a correspondence
with someone we really admire.
I've decided to choose someone famous
and successful. And as circumstances
would have it, rich.
Talk about your dream assignment.
Attend our relationship with someone you can
eventually exploit for your own personal game.
My thought exactly, but I'm having trouble
citing on who the final person will be.
Well, I wish I could suggest someone,
but admiration is such a personal thing.
Yeah, that's true, Mom.
I've got it narrowed down to Donald Trump,
Arnold Schwarzenegger, and the guy who invented
2000 functions.
The toilet bowl guy. Perfect.
After all, he's used to dealing with waste products.
A recent study indicates that
those who have contributed most to our society
know how to drive.
Mere coincidence or prerequisite for success.
Hi, Theresa.
Eve, what happened?
Did I do something wrong?
How rude. I should have called you first.
Can you ever forgive me? Probably not.
But no, it's your clothes.
So, so much like mine, sort of.
Do you really think so?
I mean, I've never been able to pull an outfit together.
A born from.
That's Eve Bederberg for you. You're too hard on yourself.
Let's face it, Clarissa, this whole outfit
would look better on you.
I can only work with what I have,
which isn't much.
But enough about me. You can't be expected
to work on an empty stomach.
What is all this about?
Well, you're so busy and you need to finish your column.
I just thought that, well, you might be hungry.
You didn't have to go to all this trouble.
What trouble? It's not like I cooked the food.
Though, I did tell them to prepare the burger your way.
Hold the onions extra pickle.
Thanks, Eve.
That's good.
Brilliant makes me weep.
This article is insightful.
It's moving, it's inspirational.
Really?
The wit of Russell Baker.
William Sapphire's preciseness of language
and yet none of the ingenuous
all-shots pretension of Garrison Keeler.
Thanks, but that's nothing.
Wait till you see my next one.
What's it on?
Sorry, I never reveal a scoop before it sees print.
Oh, come on, you can tell me.
Promise you'll keep it a secret?
Trust me.
Okay.
My prediction is by the year 2000,
virtual reality classrooms could replace the need to go to school.
Wow.
That is hot stuff.
An article like that would get a writer a lot of attention.
If they gave Pulitzer Prizes to high school students,
you'd be a shoe-in.
No.
Yes, no.
Now, if there's nothing else I can do for you,
I have to get down to the paper.
You got an assignment that's great.
I wish. They're trying you out as coffee girl.
I hope I won't disappoint them.
You'll be great. Thanks again for everything.
And if there's anything I can do for you.
Oh, you bet.
Hi, Fergwad.
I couldn't have said it better myself.
I don't have the opportunity.
Just you and your shadow again, huh?
Where'd she get that outfit?
Clarissa or us?
Stop. My sides are aching.
Now get out.
It's like she was studying you like you were a player
or a book or a set of blueprints.
You're just jealous.
My ego, healthy though it may be,
does not require people following me around
like a lap dog.
The only one who'd follow you around is a lap dog.
I can't help it if Eve looks up to me,
but she does it a lot.
A lot? That she does it at all is weird.
It's unnatural.
Maybe he's right.
Eve is coming out a little strong.
Fergwad hates her.
She can't be all bad.
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa. Hi, Eve.
Oh, I could never carry this off
and Green makes me look so sickly, doesn't it?
Hey, I don't think it looks so bad.
Kind of brings out your eyes.
Sam, you think so?
I don't want to give me all these great clothes.
Don't thank me.
I can finally see the floor of my closet again.
What you need is one of those closet organizing kits.
I'll stop by shelves and stuff this weekend
and pick one up.
Shels and stuff. Great place.
They've got all those shelves and stuff.
Thanks, Eve, but I like organizing
in my own unique, messy way.
Check it out.
The paper did a preview on tonight's Bunny Car Show.
Wow, those tires must be seven feet high.
And my dad says that
since you have a press pass from the school paper,
we can ride some of these monsters after the show.
Yes, the power of the press.
Uh, there might be a conflict.
Conflict? What conflict?
It is all my fault.
What's all your fault?
I am so forgetful.
My father says I forget my own name if it weren't...
Eve, what did you forget?
There's a newspaper meeting tonight.
The managing editor said for me to tell you
that everyone has to attend.
Not insignificant to everybody's like me.
Just the important people like you.
Oh, no.
I wish I'd have known sooner.
We could have changed the tickets to Saturday night.
Major bummer.
Now I'm going to miss the caterpillar, the amazing four-wheeler,
the Bunny Funny Car.
I'm so sorry I forgot to tell you.
Do you hate me? What can I do to make it up to you?
I'll do anything.
No, it's no big deal.
I just wish you'd told me sooner.
Tell you what, I'll go to the meeting.
You go to the Funny Car Show.
I couldn't.
Why not? I have an extra ticket.
Yeah, well, I wasted it.
I wouldn't feel right taking your place,
especially after I was the one who goofed.
No, it's no problem. Just do whatever you want.
Well, if you don't mind, Clarissa.
Mind?
Why should I mind? Great.
Great. This is going to be really fun.
I'll catch you later.
I have to get going too.
I can't believe we're going to get you ride
on an authentic Funny Car.
Fasten your seatbelts, Sam.
It's going to be a bumpy night.
Yeah.
And the wrong person's in the driver's seat.
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na.
More Clarissa, more snick after this.
Tonight, the roundhouse takes on the holidays
with plenty of holiday cheer.
Ho ho, boy! I got a present.
Ne ne me me me me.
And plenty of yuletide spirit.
To the end of our dreams, let me see this.
It's a special holiday roundhouse
at a special holiday time.
938 30 central on slick strange and powerful forces are attracting people to
Pizza Hut it's the Marvel Comics X-Men video with a mini comic book pull-out
poster and trading card all for only 499 with any pizza purchase
oh I'll wrap that up
tame by success the turtles lost their savage edge greed is dead it's a new
breed carved from the streets concrete fist-batter alien flesh one on one as
power joins forces with rage ripping through fear and no one sheds a tear for
mutilated mutants giant warriors crushed by three tough turtles who have shed soft
shells for a high dose of reality in Konami's tournament fighters
speak stylish and now one of the best values in America yes for a limited
time by the Super NES Super set and get five complete Mario games standard you'll
find the Super set is like no other system in performance handling and mode
seven control you'll get Super Mario World and for 350 in postage Super Mario
All-Stars free with four Mario games in one so stop by your Nintendo dealer today
hey that's me the key with the cool clothes that's my little neighbor his
clothes are cool too that's cuz our mom shop at happy days the kids department
store from infants and toddlers to kids my age you can find everything you need
at happy days and best of all the spells to be a happy days near you
cuz there's six locations come now and start your Christmas shopping early happy
days the Disney Channel presents new episodes of one of our most popular
series heavenly these will be very exciting moments the Emmy and cable ace
award-winning series continues to attract a variety of exciting guest stars in
December watch for Diana Rick and Robbie Benson in an episode full of mystery
and suspense it's a special heavenly only on the Disney Channel
watching
okay ready welcome to worm world today's topic is the segmented or analyzed worm
better known as the common garden variety leech you may recognize it in
another form the human leech aka Peter Berg when we last that day if she was
scampering off to the car show with my ticket and my best friend what is she
taking of mine since if imitations the sincerest form of flattery why aren't I
flattered perfect hey guys looks like me sounds like me what's wrong with
this picture I'm not in it this new car it's got a five-speed transmission all
leather interior deluxe cd plate it goes from zero to sixty and eight point five
seconds
will the real Clarissa please stand up hi Sam hey Clarissa are you sure you have
the right window it's the same window I always come through why you wouldn't even
hang out a lot together I'm surprised you're not over there she's down with
the newspaper besides her house is one level I use the front door why the major
freak out over you why not it's not your life she's taking over isn't that
a little extreme Clarissa extreme I don't think so soon the only difference
between us will be our fingerprints and there are operations to take care
of that wait a minute aren't you the one who said she was new in town and
have a lot of friends besides she likes you I don't like to be like like this
it's spooky yeah I know but maybe she's just lonely and if she tries to be like
you it's only because she's your biggest fan she didn't stop talking about you
at the car show Clarissa does this Clarissa says isn't Clarissa great only
she didn't look up to me so much I'm sure that I'll change once she gets to
know you know I'll see you later if she gets to know me any better
she'll be me
no this isn't the Broadway production of cats it's a touring company and with
Dick Van Paten playing old Deuteronomy it's sure to be a night to remember
enjoy the show so you managed to pawn the tickets off on someone else
congratulations well actually I was looking forward to an evening of
light entertainment with lots of dancing besides the songs have some
great themes friendship hardship survival survival maybe I should take
the tickets why how do you survive being friends with someone it's Eve
she's everywhere wanting to do this for me wanting to do that for me wanting to be
me I mean she copies everything I do she's more than a friend mom she's an
appendage for my family first move from Canada I didn't know anyone in school
and then in French class there was this girl Miranda far for fine did she
attach herself to you like a vice no I clung to Miranda she was pretty and
smart and self-confident and I was a new girl in town like Eve so whatever
happened to this Miranda well I think she sells faux jewelry on one of those shop
at home cable channels but that's not the point what's important is that after
a while I found my own identity and I didn't need Miranda anymore I never
looked at it like that I guess I could be a little more tolerant well just
hard to put yourself in each place look what I found my bio dome the
prefabricated indoor nature preserve that I designed an old Hidge bottoms
class oh and the T-square that he gave me for a graduation present boys gonna get
a kick out of these have you reached him yet no I decided against that I want to
surprise him so I made reservations at La Couscous for all of us well it's just
gonna be an evening huh Marcia what a great idea yeah then I thought I'd have
him here afterwards you know meet the whole family of sport you're gonna love
him oh sorry Ferguson nothing came for you today I don't understand I sent my
letter air expressed you're still waiting to hear from your hero whoever
is he probably shot himself when he found out Ferg nerd admired him sport
everyone needs someone to look up to much the way you admire spores molds and
fungus so who did you finally decide on Ferguson the Terminator or the Donald my
money's on the toilet bowl guy actually mom it's gonna be a surprise I chose
someone so famous so influential so what he'll never write back oh ye of little
faith oh ye of little brain why would anybody who's a anybody right to a
nobody laugh while you can sis for the mere price of postage I have opened the
corridors of power they say power corrupts but in Ferguson's case too late don't
worry rollerblading only looks difficult great I'll see you again hi Sam I don't
think so come on it'll be fun I've been thinking it over and he's not so bad
well everything's relative compared to Genghis Khan she's an upstanding citizen
now you're being hard on her I don't think so check out letters to the editor I
don't believe it was your next column until Eve Beterberg beat you to it looks
like you were right about her all along the conniving little reptile you can
win a Pulitzer Prize Clarissa your secret safe with me Clarissa trust me
I never trusted her right she's just lonely she likes you Clarissa she's your
biggest fan oops so Eve likes my story ideas well there's plenty more where
that came from you really should eat something before we go Marshall on I'm
too excited I can't wait to see the expression in hinge bottoms face when he
sees me oh he will be so proud of you Marshall isn't it time you two took
a break deadlines a deadline mom well don't work too hard and if you get
hungry this is so awful awful balls in the fridge thank you Mrs. Darling darling how
nice to see you again if I didn't know better I'd swear you were Clarissa's
sister don't tell me Frank Lloyd Wright oh close Marshall darling hi guys have
fun hi Clarissa I just got them reading your letters to the editor did you like
it I'd like the idea me too oh you don't think I stole your idea do you I was
just laying the groundwork for your article did a good job you might say you
took the words right out of my mouth Clarissa are you mad at me I meant it
as a surprise gosh I always do the wrong thing can you ever forgive me okay I
don't know how I'll make it up to I'll do anything out it's okay hey
everybody makes mistakes they do I mean they do boy do they then you're not
angry Clarissa is a very understanding person I'll say why shouldn't I be I
mean it's not like you stole it deliberately of course not of course not
though it is too bad I got credit for such a brilliant idea I know how
horrible you must feel devastated though it proves what a powerful thinker you
are Clarissa my phone hasn't stopped ringing and the managing editor forget
what the managing editor what it's not important since I'd never do it he offered
me my own column I turned him down after all what would I write about it's me I
know I've got my hot topic for next week's column yeah it's a killer really
really say Clarissa did your mom make those soy falafel balls I love so
much yeah Sam I think there's a fresh batch in the fridge oh Eve um no that's
okay I've got to get going I'll just let myself out so you think she bought it
hook byline and sinker I hope so because if she doesn't steal your idea Sam Sam
Sam once a weasel always a weasel maybe we should feel sorry for there must be
some psychological reason people like Eve crave attention and that's just what
she's going to get for her brilliant essay why recycle when you can fill a land
fill everyone stuff their cans and bottles underneath Eve's desk 168 last count
and the principal picture to be the liaison between the school and the
recycling center the parental units talk to you later Sam you're just gonna
have to get over it Marshall he thought my name was Clyde he's still upset huh
I'm not afraid so although I have to admit I don't understand why he didn't
recognize you kept saying who who are you though in all fairness professors do
have so many students throughout the years it's difficult oh he wasn't that
good of a professor trust me he was pretty disorganized for an architect on
a scale of one to ten four tops he's to jab at the blackboard with the
chalk shards flying everywhere here from Buckingham Palace yeah my hero Prince
Charles he wrote back Prince Charles sure has a funny signature cordially Diana
Princess of Wales that's your hero for the dork you chose a woman as your
hero how progressive there must be some mistake I this a mix-up they sent it
to the wrong palace I wrote Charles you gotta believe me oh there's nothing
to be embarrassed about son Princess Diana is one of the most beautiful women in
the world I know when she smiles she's smiling right at you I mean I'm going
right to the top on this one top Queen Elizabeth that's right no no better
yet Queen mother yeah yeah she's doing across the shots anyway I'm sure die in
Fergie has a nice ring to it I guess when you're a public figure unwanted
admirers comes with the territory as for me I don't want to be idolized my advice
to anyone who wants to be somebody else get a life and please not mine
stand by to play Slime Time live Nickelodeon Slime Time swimsticks is
coming up now the interactive play at home game well you gotta find who's
hidden behind the boxes stay tuned for Slime Time coming up next let's do it
...
Flouris explains it always taped in Nickelodeon studios at Universal Studios Orlando Florida
....And stay with the programs keep sneaking
have my parents with a few hours breakfastes....
oh he's eating so sensibly well he knows just how cool this stuff is
whole grain wheat, whole grain wheat went very nutritious!
You can't see this frosting. It jams.
It's what every child genius should eat.
Kellogg's Frosted Moony Wheats tastes so good,
who cares about anything else?
Besides, it's part of this complete breakfast.
He's probably downstairs right now,
writing his dissertation on world peace.
Oh, there you go.
Oh, come on!
Got cinnamon toast crunch.
I see that!
Mrs. Crouching, she sees everything.
So, can you see what gives cinnamon toast crunch?
It's intense taste.
It must be something sneaky.
Uh-uh, it's obvious to any kid.
The cinnamon and sugar twirls all over every bite.
For a totally intense taste, you can see
cinnamon toast crunch is part of this complete breakfast.
Cinnamon and sugar, huh? Looks pretty wild.
No wonder kids love it.
Connects.
Connects, the new snap-together color-coded construction set.
Panics, sleek stabilizer rods,
and the exclusive two-speed power shifter.
You're on more than the coolest bike around.
You are on the fastest.
Afterburner.
Only from Murray.
Some play games that go...
And some play games that go...
Well, now there's Nintendo's new...
Pinball video game called Kirby's Pinball Land.
And Kirby's...
All over the place.
All you do is keep Kirby...
But...
As long as you can.
Get Nintendo's new Kirby's Pinball Land for Game Boy.
And we'll bet you won't go...
Joy's Word has come.
Laird!
Happy holidays from the Rugrats and Nickelodeon.
Go get late. What's the rush?
Fright night at the Majestic Theater.
Goram, a triple feature marathon. We got free passes.
Cool. What's planned?
Who cares? Let's go.
I've been to Fright Night, and I'm never going back.
Why not?
Because Frank's afraid of the dark, remember?
I'm not going back.
Because you sit in that movie theater for so long,
you start to forget that the real world even exists.
The only thing that seems real
is the horror movie up on the screen.
That's what my story's about.
You know, when you get really scared,
you can always tell yourself that it's just a movie.
But sometimes a movie seems so real.
And it's hard to tell the difference between what's make-believe...
and what's really there.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story...
The Tale of the Midnight Madness.
I wanted to show you the view.
Love movie.
Enjoy the film, ma'am.
Everybody's a critic.
Let's go. This place is depressing.
I gotta clean the Al's first.
Six bucks? That's it?
One popcorn, two sodas.
Pete bought second soda.
Friday's supposed to be a good night.
Six bucks is a good night.
Well, this job's getting tough.
Had to pick up two of these things tonight.
Make jokes. You gonna laugh when they shut this place down?
No, they'll never close me out.
Tell that to the owners. They don't like losing money.
Is everything busted around here?
This place would fall apart without you.
Well, it's falling apart anyway.
Maybe we can reuse these.
Hey, do you really think they're gonna shut us down?
I don't know, but I'm applying for a job over at the Quad.
The Quad? That's a multiplex.
And it's got lines around the block. I need the job.
Hey, uh, you wanna get something to eat?
Oh, no. I got homework. Thanks anyway.
Pete couldn't stand to see The Rialto die,
so he started a campaign to keep it open.
It wasn't just his job he was worried about.
Pete loved movies and loved the old theater.
But it was no use.
Unless a miracle happened, The Rialto was doomed.
Oh, sorry. Thanks.
It's almost locked out.
You know, don't bother. No one comes in when we're open.
So how's the campaign going, Don Cutie?
Well, you know, I went to the zoning commission
to try to get landmark status.
It's not gonna be easy.
I hate to break this to you, Pete,
but I think you're just dreaming.
Why don't you just...
We're not open for an hour.
Who are you?
Vink's the name. Dr. Vink.
Dr. Vink?
Vink. V-v-v-v.
Perfect. Absolutely perfect.
We're not open yet.
That smell...
It's wonderful.
No modern theater has that smell.
It's stale popcorn.
Look, what do you want?
It's not what I want, lad.
It's what you want.
Is this your handiwork?
Yeah.
Then I've come to the right place.
Guys, a nut bag. I'm calling the police.
No.
I couldn't have designed it better myself.
You're not supposed to be here, okay?
What is this?
Who are you?
Vink's the name. Dr. Vink.
V-v-v-v.
Whatever you're selling, I'm not buying.
My good man,
I've come to save your theater,
and it won't cost you a dime.
And I am not a nut bag.
I'm a filmmaker.
At least I used to be.
Back when theaters like this would come in place.
Back before wide screens,
before color,
before sound.
Back when films tried
to stir the imagination,
not bludgeon it.
How old are you?
Old enough to know that things have changed.
Look, pal.
My films were quite popular, you know?
They always had a certain...
How did you do that?
A film I made many years ago.
A horror film.
Really?
A vampire film, to be precise.
It's quite unique.
For in my story,
the vampire wins.
What's your angle, pal?
My good man,
I make you a promise.
Show my film in your theater,
and people will flock to see it.
Your fortunes will turn,
and you'll make far more
than six bucks a night.
A black and white silent film
is gonna turn this place around.
And that ain't a vampire movie.
That's a fairy tale.
You don't have to believe me.
Just show my film once,
and you'll see.
As for payment...
Ah, here we go.
I don't want money.
All I ask
is that once your success is assured,
you give me one night a week
of your choosing
to show my other films to the public.
This film can do as you say.
I'll give you three nights plus a cut of a vending.
I don't want your popcorn money.
Just one night a week.
Do we have a deal?
You're a wise man.
Look out!
Look, buddy, maybe you'd better...
Where'd he go?
Back to Mars, where he came from.
So, do we show it?
The guy's loony! Throw it out!
The feet stuck the movie in the projection booth
and forgot all about it.
But he didn't forget his mission to save the Rialto.
Though it was looking pretty bad.
Bills were piling up, and ticket sales were going down.
It was only a matter of time before the owners
would pull the plug and shut the old theater down forever.
Then, one Saturday night, things took an interesting turn.
You wanted to see us?
Yeah.
Something tells me this is bad news.
So?
I just got the word.
We close in two weeks.
Why, they can't close down a landmark.
I think maybe they can.
I don't know.
We'll go handle the refunds.
No, wait, wait!
We've had technical difficulties with tonight's film
and won't be able to continue with the showing.
But we've got a special surprise.
We're going to be showing a classic film
from the golden age of silent movies instead.
And if you stay for the showing
and are completely satisfied,
you'll still get a full refund when you leave.
This better be good, young lady.
My time is valued.
Enjoy the show.
So good. I'll probably have nightmares for a week.
Show more classics like that, kid,
and you might get a couple more customers.
See you tomorrow.
Good night. Tell your friends.
They loved it. No one wanted a refund.
Again?
Um, Pete.
Oh, sorry. And then Lena.
Oh, no.
Exactly what that Dr. Wink guy said would happen.
Oh, yeah, I guess it is.
Weird.
Let's talk this stuff off.
Afraid of the dark? Stay in the glow of the couch and stay tuned.
Have a fancy barbecue
and a sleepover to Barbie Golden.
You put it together, dolls and fashion souls separately.
The battery's not included. You put it together.
Speak stylish, and now what are the best values in America?
Yes, for a limited time, buy the Super NES Super Set
and get five complete Mario games standard.
You'll find the Super Set is like no other system.
In performance, handling, and mode seven control,
you'll get Super Mario World
and for 350 in postage, Super Mario All Stars
free with four Mario games in one.
So stop by your Nintendo dealer today.
When it comes to value, don't forget.
Super Nintendo Super Set.
It's Batman at his best.
Supercharged with power.
The turbo-pat plane soars at breakneck speed.
It's Catwoman, fearing the killer claw she leaps to safety.
Look out!
This feline's got her own set of claws.
But mech wing Batman can rise above this cat fight.
He fires!
The Evelyn figures soul separately.
Batman. The best just got better.
Look for America's favorite hero this Christmas
in the animated movie Batman, Mask of the Phantasm.
Now, the sneaking begins again
with Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Dr. Vink's movie was a smash.
So they started a Saturday night midnight madness show
and it became a huge cult hit.
They got so busy,
the owners decided not to sell.
Just as Dr. Vink predicted.
Good night. Thanks for coming.
Come again. Good night.
Major popcorn sales. The place is a mess.
Yes!
Hey, you know, I was wondering,
maybe after, you know, we clean up and everything,
you know, you and I could...
Evening, lad.
Dr. Vink!
I'd stop by and see how things were progressing.
Oh, your film's a smash. It's unbelievable.
I mean, people are packing in and staying for two shows
and bringing friends.
There you are!
I want to shake the hand of the man
who saved this theater. Where you been?
I thought it best to stay away
until the success of your theater was assured.
Success? We're killing them.
And don't think I forget who we can thank for that.
It's time we made a deal for that masterpiece of yours.
I believe we already have a deal.
You promised me one night a week
to show my other films, did you not?
You were serious about that?
Quite.
Look, Doc, I can't show old movies here during the week.
Saturday night, midnight, maybe.
But I'm getting A-list films in here now.
Why don't I just write you a check?
I don't want your money.
I don't want your friendship.
I want your theater.
One shouldn't make a bargain
if they can't honor their commitments.
Maybe we...
Look, pal, it's not gonna happen.
You want a rental fee for your movie? Fine.
But you are not getting this theater.
End of story.
This story is far, far from over.
In fact, it's only just beginning.
He doesn't want to get paid for his film?
That's his problem.
The reality will continue to do well
all because of Dr. Banks' strange movie.
Pete wanted to study it
to figure out why it was so magical.
Unfortunately, he was about to find out.
You know what? I just had the weirdest dream.
What?
I thought I saw Nosferatu step out of the movie.
I think you've been working here too long.
Katie, I know you think I'm kind of a geek.
You're not a geek, Pete. You're a nerd.
I'm kidding.
Well, you know, I guess you know it.
I kind of like you and stuff.
It's okay, Pete. I kind of like you, too.
Mr. Christoff? Mr. Christoff?
You okay?
What's wrong with him? I don't know.
I'll get an ambulance.
It's dead.
No way.
We got to get help.
I'll stay with him.
No, we're standing together. Come on.
No, no.
Pete, what is going on?
It's Dr. Bing. It's got to be. He's trying to scare us.
Well, he's doing a good job.
We know it's your Dr. Bing.
Was that the vampire?
No, yes. Maybe. I don't know.
Maybe I did see him come out of the movie.
Movies aren't real.
Well, that guy looked pretty real to me.
What are we going to do?
Maybe I'm crazy, but I think I saw that vampire come out of the film.
How?
I don't know. There's something weird about that movie,
and Dr. Bing's using it to get revenge.
Oh, this can't be real.
Okay. I got an idea. Throw out the last reel and project it.
Why? What are you going to do?
Probably something stupid, but I got to try.
Yo, when it's ready.
Who are you? How did you get here?
Yeah. What a dream.
This movie's starting to get to me.
You have no idea.
Oh, that.
I couldn't have written it better myself.
As for you, Christoph.
Look, Dr. Bing, I've been thinking.
A deal's a deal. Forget what I said before.
You can have your one night a week.
That won't be necessary.
You see, I've just purchased this theater.
What?
Oh, I can show my films every night.
Give me many more that are far better than this one.
The end.
So, who's going to Fright Night?
Uh, it's getting late.
Yeah, I'm kind of tired.
There, you can have my ticket.
I, uh, thought you weren't going to Fright Night.
You kidding? It's just a movie.
And I got two free passes.
Let's go. Come on.
In the glow of the big orange couch,
Snick will continue after these messages.
You've got to fight hate.
You've got to make a stand.
That's what the X-Men are all about.
Man or mutant?
It's all the same.
The fight's against evil.
Marvel Comics X-Men.
Today's most popular superhero.
Saturday mornings, hottest TV show.
And America's favorite comic books.
Marvel Comics X-Men.
Head bangin', pole swasin', action.
Isn't it time to see what the shouting's all about?
Strange and powerful forces
are attracting people to Pizza Hut.
It's the Marvel Comics X-Men video.
With a mini comic book, pull out poster,
and trading card.
All for only $4.99 with any pizza purchase.
Claws under.
Oh, I'll wrap that up.
Spusively at Pizza Hut.
Peaceful land, paradise is threatened
by an unspeakable evil.
And only one person has found the power
to restore perfect order.
In a new action-adventured game
for your super NES, comes an exciting tale.
The secret of Lana.
From Square, maker of the world's greatest video games.
Hey Ralph, want my burger and fries?
Oh, yeah.
Want my pizza and tacos?
Over here.
Did you eat too much?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, no.
Eat it, Ralph.
Oh, yeah.
You know it's all much fun, too.
Eat it, Ralph.
Oh, yeah.
Watch out, here it comes.
Eat it, Ralph.
Oh, yeah.
You know it's all much fun, too.
Eat it, Ralph.
Oh, yeah.
Watch out, here it comes.
Eat it, Ralph.
Oh, yeah.
The eyes of justice are watching.
It's Batman.
Where would a villain like me hide a ball?
A giant maze.
Reading a modest fat cycle,
Batman races to the scene,
surprising Ridman.
Time's up.
Turbojet Batman Triumphs.
Batman.
Did we just mail up?
What happened?
Something came out of my...
That's nice, Timby.
Something came out of your butt.
No, no, Ren.
I'm serious.
And not only that.
Let's see if I got this straight.
Something came out of your butt.
And it made a sound.
And it smelled funny.
You really lost it this time.
You've lost your mind.
Something came out of your butt.
It made a sound.
And it smelled funny.
Yes.
You're an idiot.
No, Ren, really.
I'll make another one.
Watch me now.
Well, you have an overactive imagination.
I don't want to hear any more about your stinky fantasies.
Stinky is not a fantasy.
He is real.
Then I will find him.
Stinky.
Oh, stinky.
Hey, guys, it's me.
Hi, Stimpy.
Hey, listen, any of you guys seen my friend Stinky?
I don't think so.
Well, that's a stinky.
Yeah, what's he look like?
Well, he's kind of small.
And he smells funny.
And, oh yeah, he came out of my butt.
He came out of your butt.
Does he talk?
Well, he did make a sound.
He talks to farts, man.
Oh, yeah, that guy.
We haven't seen him, but we'll keep an eye out, right, guys?
Oh, sure.
Well, see you.
Hey, buddy, what's on TV today?
I don't care.
Hey, look.
Commander Hork and Cadet Stimpy.
I don't care.
Here we go.
It's time for Muddy Mudskipper.
I don't care.
Oh, look, man, this moping's gone on long enough.
Pull yourself together.
Come on, Stimpy.
It's been three years now.
I'm starting to worry about you.
I don't care.
Look what I brought you.
A new catnip mouse.
Mr. Catnip Mouse.
Look, Stimpy, it's Mr. Little Box.
Come on, take a stinky one.
Nice and stinky.
Stinky.
So that's it.
You're still crying about your imaginary butt stinkiness.
I'm not listening to this anymore.
It's real.
Look, man, it's time to get over this fantasy of yours.
Let the wound heal.
Come on, man.
I'll help you.
Together we'll get through this.
Okay, buddy?
I don't care.
Sit here and wallow.
You, you fat.
You stupid.
Who needs you?
You've been out here for months.
Come in and help me decorate the tree.
You can string the dingleberry, Garland.
Huh, huh?
Hey, Stimpy.
That's all you can think of.
When poor little stinky's out there in the cold.
Alone.
It's me.
Stimpy, no.
Bring him back safe.
I'm willing to hold off on the pectoral muscles.
If you'll just bring him back.
Friends, Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages.
Tonight, the Roundhouse takes on the holidays with plenty of holiday cheer.
Oh, boy.
I got a present.
And plenty of Yuletide spirit.
It's a special holiday roundhouse at a special holiday time, 9.30, 8.30 central on Snick.
Hey, Swart.
Meet Lisa.
I invited her for breakfast.
Can I have another bowl, Billy?
Sure.
Huh?
She's got my Kellogg's corn pops.
Stay calm.
Sorry.
You ate all my pops.
Oh, with that taste like sweet popcorn.
And all you can say is Ms. Space Canette with my loser brother for her boyfriend is sorry.
What am I going to do?
Billy, didn't you have Megan over for corn pops last week?
Megan Keller.
I'm not hungry.
Aw.
Kellogg's corn pops is part of this complete breakfast.
I gotta have my pops.
Hey, next.
The new Snap Together color-coded construction set.
I went to look for the guys on foot that Saturday.
My old bike just didn't cut it anymore.
Nobody anywhere.
I kept hearing this sound.
Brother, the world was shut down.
Sorry.
I don't know where they went.
Where was everybody?
Dad pulled in.
Then I saw it.
Those sides, they'll draw a crowd and leave it behind.
Time.
It doesn't matter who your neighbor is.
Here's the other.
Life's too short.
Stop the hate.
Announcing the Room Plus triple header holiday bonus.
First, get special holiday rebates on everything we make.
Instant cash rebates on our already low factory direct prices.
Then, put only 10% down with no payments, no interest until next March.
Finally, you can get delivery by Christmas on everything you buy now.
But this special holiday offer is for a limited time only.
So hurry to Room Plus.
Just round the corner.
Stinky?
Stinky.
Merry Christmas.
We wish you a merry Christmas.
Happy New Year.
It's so good to have you home.
Come in and sit by the fire.
Oh, there you go, pal.
Snug as if bugging a rug.
No, you just relax.
You have a visitor.
I don't care.
Oh, I think you'll care about this visitor.
And now you're back.
If we can be together forever.
No, dad, we can't.
You see, I'm all grown up now and I've got my own life to live.
I'm a man now and a man has needs.
You understand, don't you?
No.
Wait here, Pop.
Maybe this will help you to understand.
Come on in, honey.
Dad, I want you to meet my fiancé, Cora.
Gee, she's beautiful.
Memory.
And so, by the power infested in me,
I now pronounce you Fart and Wife.
You may kiss the card.
I just love a happy ending.
And Saturday night belongs to...
Will pork chop spin Christmas in the pound?
Find out when Nick brings you a special Doug Christmas.
This Sunday at 8-7 central, right here on Nick.
Well, what is it? Do some of here?
Not yet, but he's coming to town for the Rugrats Holiday Special.
Tomorrow at 8-7, 30 central, only on Nickelodeon.
Triple!
Cute!
The battery's not included.
The battery's not included. You put it together.
Hello, Barbie?
Let's go for a drive.
Cool. Meet you at five.
Go Lamborghini, go!
In my Barbie now.
Fucking phone Barbie Lamborghini says four fun things.
Adults of revision required.
Onto the battle like never before with the G.I. Joe Ghost Striker X-16.
The Ghost Striker lets you project enemy targets on the wall
and then blast them out of the sky.
Fire!
Now switch targets, lock on and fire again
with electronic lights and sounds.
Or use the target scope and zero in on enemy vehicles.
Fire!
Ghost Striker target system comes with special edition ace figure.
Battery's not included. Other vehicles sold separately.
You better stay here.
It's pretty rough, right?
Yeah, right.
My brother doesn't know what my Murray Flexor can do.
The spring-loaded fork handles the tough stuff.
No problem.
And the oversized tubing is made for rugged writing.
I don't know what my Murray Flexor can do,
but he does now.
Hey, Flexor by Murray.
How do you get the girls coming?
We're gonna have tons of refreshments.
Basically, this is trying to catch someone's eye, you know.
If you like a girl, you know you invited her to a party.
Are you ready?
Yeah, we're ready.
This could be a lot cooler.
Yeah.
All the popular people are gonna be there.
P.J. and Hope.
Are you ready?
Some people just wear, you know, regular clothes,
but since we're throwing,
we gotta wear something nicer.
Who's Kirby?
Behind the flabby facade of physical powerhouse.
A street fighter.
A weapons expert.
He's whatever the situation demands.
In Kirby's adventure,
evil King D.D. stolen Dreamland's dreams.
Now, Kirby's fighting to get him back,
level by nightmarish level.
That's Kirby.
He's cute.
Till you cross him,
then he's one tough cream puff.
Kirby's Adventure on NES.
It sure is crowded here at the mall
in an entirely different location
from where we just saw Dad.
I'll save.
Look at all the people lined up.
This is okay.
If you kids want to wait in line,
I've got some other things to do.
Mom, take a reality pill.
Sitting on Santa's knees,
something only a simple minded juvenile would enjoy.
Oh, you're right.
He's at home watching the Stooges.
Oh, boy, Santa, I'm next.
I'm next.
Why don't you kids go see
if there's something that might
make a good sketch on the other end of the mall?
I've got a biking card.
Say, Mom, why do we send cards?
Easy.
They're for people we don't care
enough about the spring for a gift.
Sure, but what about those you're not comfortable sending
or letting us call the cards to?
Well, I just pretend not to know them until the new year.
That's all Jay's answer, Skidmark.
We have cards for everyone, like the atheist.
You're a firm non-believer,
but time will sure tell
because you'll change your mind
when you're dead and in H.E. double toothpicks.
You're Jewish friends.
Poses are red, violets are bluish.
If it wasn't for Christmas,
we all would be Jewish.
And the agnostic.
Hmm.
You're not sure an almighty exists of any kind,
but have him marry something and make up your gosh-darn mind.
That's Skidmark's cards.
Maybe you're better off avoiding them until new year.
Now, the Anytown Mall is proud to present
an entertainer we advertise to bring people in,
but isn't quite good enough to keep people from shopping.
He's the top since he grew hip-hop,
so Rat Maven himself lost to a tornado.
Yo, yo, yo, forget the ho-ho-ho,
because it's time for my Hanukkah show.
On the first day of Hanukkah,
my family get to meet...
Oy!
On the second day of Hanukkah,
my family get to meet...
Shuck!
Hooker!
Mora!
Round and round we go.
Where he drops, nobody knows.
This holiday season, check out the original spin,
Zocker!
Great old!
And he'll put the oint in the hook.
Ha!
Curly's a genius.
If I got my head stuck in a bucket,
I'd never think a dynamite...
So dad, got all your holiday shopping done?
Fuzz off.
I don't have time for you all screen announces.
Besides, I don't buy gifts for my family.
They're all spoiled rotten.
It's two years ago, I got them all subscriptions
to my favorite magazines.
And did they thank me?
But wouldn't you like to fill that bare face
right under the tree?
The dog'll take care of that if you don't want him.
Well, now you can give nothing
and still look like a big spender with thrift wrap.
Really big, beautiful boxes.
So without fooling nothing, it costs less
and we'll never be able to guess what's inside.
Say, these boxes look pretty impressive.
Yep.
These boxes look really impressive.
My kids, they're obedient, but they're not too bright.
Look at mine, it's fancy wrapping and it's so light.
Must be a diamond.
Mine is shaped like an electric guitar.
Eddie Van Halen rules.
Little does he know that it's an air guitar.
Thanks, thrift wrap.
Thrift wrap for when your family's full of hot air.
Give them the gift that says,
shut up.
Still next year.
Somebody get the door.
What door, Dad?
This set is sort of existential.
You see this collage here is supposed to suggest
a microcosm of the personal effects
of the modern nuclear family.
I make a simple request and I get an episode of Nova.
How do we find out who's at the door?
Incoming!
Oh, it's the mailman.
This package is for you.
Oh, boy!
I got a present.
Mammy, mammy, mammy.
Ooh, it's heavy.
I bet it's something I always wanted.
Like a new bowling ball?
Or a G.I. Jane with the kung fu grip?
Oh, it's another fruitcake.
Why do people send these things?
Oh, I'll put it with the rest of the fruitcake.
I'm using them to build a barbecue pit.
That'll make a good fire brick.
Wait a minute.
What's that noise?
Carolus!
Quick!
Throw the fruitcake at him!
No!
That'll be a lot!
It's all with the deadly weapons.
Well then, turn the hose on him.
Why can't Christmas come on every four years?
Like, leave Christmas.
Can't tell records and the Figgy Putin singers
are about to present a new album for Christmas!
Holiday's in Confuse!
Featuring all the Carols, nobody really knows the words to!
You'll get favorites like...
Oh, Christmas tree, oh, Christmas tree
It came upon a midnight clear
Today's in Confuse today!
Act now and you'll receive...
Fun!
Tree bar by Hill, oh, oh, oh
and a bar drink by ZZ
Signing your cheerful little bunsaw
bet you could use some hot tea, huh?
That would be lovely, sir.
Yeah, well, if you got the tea bag, here's the hot water!
Lawn your moron tabernacle choir!
The Big Orange Couch will sneak again
after this!
Can't wait till Christmas.
We'll neither can we,
That's why we're giving you Knicks! Can't wait till Christmas week filled with your favorite tunes starting Monday at 5.00-4.00 central only on Knicks!
Jumping monkeys, jumping monkeys, flying free, fling them up into the tree.
Jumping monkeys, aim let go, try to hang them high or low.
Jumping monkeys, hang always, there's so much fun you'll play for days.
Jumping monkeys from present.
Everybody's running to get thin ice.
Take the tweezer in your hand and pick a marble from the stand.
Nice, no one's been nice.
Put your marble right on top and pass the tweezer before they drown.
No one's been nice.
Thin ice from Preston. It's cool.
So I asked my parents for some Kellogg's Frosted Moody Wheats.
And all of a sudden I...
So grown up.
Oh, he's eating so sensibly.
Well, he knows just how cool the stuff is.
Just check out all that whole grain wheat.
Whole grain wheat. They're very nutritious.
He's definitely a...
He eats it. It's frosty. It jams. It's whatever he...
Child, genius should eat.
Kellogg's Frosted Moody Wheats tastes so good, who cares about anything else?
Besides, it's part of this complete breakfast.
He's probably downstairs right now writing his dissertation on world peace.
Oh, there you go.
Speak stylish and now what are the best values in America?
Yes, bro. Limited time by the Super NES Super Set.
And get five complete Mario games standard.
You'll find the Super Set is like no other system.
In performance, handling and mode seven control.
You'll get Super Mario World.
And for 350 and postage, Super Mario All Stars free with four Mario games in one.
Mario.
So stop by your Nintendo dealer today.
When it comes to value, don't forget.
Super Nintendo Super Set.
We now return to Roundhouse and SNIC. Only on NIC.
We're not going to be seeing today, so we're going to bring you McCoy's Falcon
and the Bull Show Ballet in a special presentation.
That way.
No, no, no. I wanted to watch Bowling for brisket.
Where's that remote?
We hope you enjoy this holiday special.
The butt cracker.
I guess I showed them who almost weighs the pants in his family.
Honey, aren't you going to help us trim the tree?
Come bug. I'm going out to work on my pet project.
As you know, I've spent the last two years on the Riviera
and I'm determined to get that car fixed.
Well, there's a fine line between determination and abject stupidity.
Don't try to flatter me. I'm still not trimming the tree.
Be careful with some of those ornaments pumpkin. They're family heirloom.
Yeah, dad had to buy eight gallons of gas to get the whole set.
Let's hang these up now.
Great.
Each year, dozens of youngsters are injured or constipated
by Christmas ornaments that look like food.
Can I show the people your stomach, Billy?
Is this a gingerbread man, Billy?
Well, if we're not supposed to eat them,
I'll come to me out of tow.
Well, you wouldn't eat popping fresh, would you, Billy?
I don't know. You look good, isn't it?
Man, it doesn't stop there.
Many children have been seen licking barber poles
which they must cook for candy cane.
So do all you can to prevent this tragedy from happening in your home
because a pine is a terrible thing to taste.
You would not believe what's going on in my own backyard.
Some jerk is camping out in my Riviera.
Well, honey, maybe he doesn't have any place else to live.
What? You mean he's homeless?
Well, I believe they like to be called Alfresco Americans.
Yeah, well, I'm calling it cops.
I'm gonna have that bum thrown out on his butt.
Well, Dad, he was probably just trying to get warm.
Hey, listen, I don't go to his house and pull that crap.
Dad, he doesn't have a house.
Yeah, all the more reason for him to spend the holidays in jail.
Oh, well, continuing with this lovely holiday spirit,
let's all trim the tree.
Hey, Dad, what are you doing?
Well, I'm turning our festive foliage
into Snow Peaks Majesty.
Huh?
I'm flocking a tree.
I've made cocoa.
Great. Now for that piece of resistance.
Sure, what you whip, the tree flocker and dessert topping in one.
You whip combines the taste of fresh dairy cream
with all the goodness of flock.
Mmm, creamy.
And a subtle hint of Douglas Burr.
Now for the tree.
Well, let me.
It's a veritable winter wonderland that's you whip
because when it comes to a tree flocking dessert topping product,
it's the cream de la creme.
You guys finish trimming the tree.
I'm gonna go fall asleep watching TV.
I wear a duck and off and in Rudolph the Red Nose Rain Man.
They laughed and called me names, yeah?
They definitely laughed and called me names.
I'm an excellent flyer, yeah?
How David Lynch stole Christmas.
You're a weird one, Mr. Lynch.
It's a wonderful after-life time, surely, in McLean.
I wonder what the future would be like
if I were never born again.
And now it's time for the Little People Court.
Now entering the court room, I dribble down.
They say various gifts distributed from the North Pole
with a self-described belly like a ball full of jelly.
This is the case also, persecuted pygmies.
I read your complaint and I'm glad you've come
to a really small claims court.
Now, Mr. Elfman, you feel the defendant mistreated you
on the job.
Well, you see, some of us were headed home to no.
No more access.
The defendant wouldn't let us go until every jack was in a box
and every toy drum was above plumbing.
We were so stressed out we had to call himself Elf Group.
You better not shout and you better not cry.
You can't threaten them anymore, Kringle.
I find in favor of the Elf.
Yes!
Oh, I feel three feet tall.
And it goes on Christmas special.
Why'd you all come at once?
You're supposed to come one at a time.
We only have a half an hour.
We have a lot of the TV shows to visit.
We have a gig at Saved by the Bell after this.
Well, which one of you is which?
I'm the ghost the TV dad passed.
Oh!
But you're not dead.
Well, ghost dad died at the box office.
Oh!
And I'm Patrick Swayze.
I was in ghost.
That's good enough.
Hey, well, who's a skinny little freak with a bad hair?
That's vanilla ice.
Oh, yeah!
Yes, yes!
His career is dead.
You could be washed up like him in the future.
You talking about my mama like I told my wife Camille?
Anyway, we're here to show you how beautiful and touching
this holiday can be.
Oh!
So this is supposed to help me discover the true meaning of Christmas?
No dice!
The Big Orange Couch will sneak again after this.
I love you!
You're really learning to walk.
When she rocks, she giggles.
Baby Giggles and Go!
Baby Giggles and Go comes with a bright pink two-speed walker.
The Eurodynamics, sleek stabilizer rods, and the exclusive two-speed power shifter.
You're on more than the coolest bike around.
You're on the fastest afterburner, only from Marie.
If kids like me were running the world, I'd finally have my own room.
No one but my friends would be allowed to come in,
because I'd have a special lock put on my door.
I'll have a super advanced chemistry set that I'll use to fix the ozone layer
and to cure that thing that happens to your head when you eat ice cream too fast.
And when I'm having a Big Mac attack, I'll just go downstairs
because I'm having a Mickey D's bit on the back of our house.
Then me and my friends could act totally goofy whenever we want.
Jonathan Edward Moore, pipe down or you'll be sent to your room.
Excellent.
No!
Hey, it could happen.
We turn to Roundhouse and Snick, only on Nick.
Now that she finds in her tub, you could wash them and hope they shrink
or you could wash them and make sure they shrink when...
you'll die.
The detergent that ruins all the ugly clothes you get is present.
I'll do anything not to wear these hair shoes.
What about my second-hand skids?
Eh, there's a mess to go around because you'll tie it to family size
to handle all your spanky gifts.
Again, they're shrunk up like raisins.
I could keep my drawers in my drawers.
Oh, what a shame.
The washer must be on the fridge, huh?
And they were such nice gifts.
Hey, Mom, where's that bathrobe Aunt Myrtle made you out of drier lint?
Uh-oh.
I guess the washer got it too.
Wrap up those credit gifts and give them to somebody else next year.
Please, to come out on Christmas Day for anything.
Are you still hassling that four-man that's living in that junk car?
Hey, hey, hey, that is not a junk car.
Okay, I'd have it up and running right now if I had a good set of brake shoes
and the engine wasn't in 300 pieces that I don't know how to put back together.
Oh, T.L.O. Snow, say no to it.
Hey, Dad, what are you doing?
We're trying to cut this fruit cake.
Oh, you're not really going to eat that stuff.
No way.
We're trying to cut it into throwable chunks in case those carolers come back.
Ah, forget it.
Here, take this industrial diamond out to that dineriviera.
Who says they don't have a holiday spirit?
Who wants leftover turkey?
That's left over turkey from last year, son.
You know your mother, she's got to use up every scrap of turkey if she'll never rest.
How about a turkey muffin, huh?
Or a turkey pancake?
I got turkey jerky, turkey pudding, turkey taco.
How about turkey taffy?
A turkey milkshake?
Ooh, how about a turkey flip flop?
Turkey always makes me sleepy.
Haven't you guys given up yet?
No way.
Oh, that's a spirit.
I have come to take you back.
Back to your personal nightmare of days gone by.
No, not that.
Sit, son.
Sit.
No, dad.
No, please.
Is the seat.
Okay, now it is.
Get up.
No.
Dad used to make me warm the seat up for him.
My little buns were so cold and I never got to stay.
Always a bride's maid.
Never a bride.
Dad, wake up.
You didn't open your gift.
What is it?
Another tie?
Just put it with the rest of them.
No, it's something really special.
Is this what I think it is?
We all chipped in and got to a mink-covered toilet seat.
Oh, happy day!
Speaking of gifts, what happened to that nice jacket I gave you?
Oh, I accidentally left it in Dad's revier.
I was trying to accidentally left my gloves in there, too.
I know, I saw them when I was accidentally leaving that new down-computer in there.
Celebration to the light of the dawning day.
Mean streets of crime for existence.
In a language born of pain.
Hear the bells of freedom in the distance.
And I'll be free.
The miracle!
The Riviera's running.
How?
Well, that guy.
Well, actually, his name is Max.
He put it all back together.
He must have been up all night.
And he made a great set of breakthroughs out of that fruitcake.
Well, what were you doing out there?
Well, I actually went out there to see if he had any use for a mink-potty seat.
You guys aren't mad at me, are you?
Of course not.
Good.
I invited Max to dinner.
What do you have to say to yourself, Mr. Holiday Spirit?
Reprise the song!
Whatever my luck is, it's all right now!
Not that one.
Not this time.
What's up at the Roundhouse next week?
Clean up with Michael Bolton's scrubs.
Find the hidden fruit of a needle-leaf with Weir's walnut.
And play Jupp or Daddy.
When the Roundhouse returns to its regular time right after Clarissa,
next week on Snick.
Now, what kind of Christmas is a very, very Bob Christmas?
Find out next on Nick Atteney.